Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here. Before we
start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today, I’m going
to recap a 2019 Korean Action Comedy movie, called
The Dude In Me. This movie tells the story of an
exchange of bodies between two men, a gangster
and a high school student. This incident brings
a huge difference in both their lives. So, will
they be able to return to their original body?
How could they survive a different
life? Let’s find it out.
On a sunny day, Jang, the gangster, goes
to grab some lunch at a ramen stall.
For some reason, he doesn’t eat his food and asks
for the bill straightaway. He is also forced to
pay for the food eaten by a student sitting next
to his table. After that, he drives somewhere.
When he wants to cross a road, there are garbage
men collecting waste from the neighborhood.
And that makes him unable to pass through. This is
where it all happens. When Jang is waiting for the
garbage men, he decides to get out of the car to
call his assistant, Chul. At the same time, Kim,
the high school student, is standing on the edge
of the rooftop. Then something unwanted happens,
he falls from the rooftop and collides
with Jang. Both of them lost consciousness
and are taken to the hospital.
A moment later, Jang wakes up from his
unconsciousness. He gets out of bed and walks
around the hallway. But, he finds something’s
wrong when everybody in the hospital calls him
kid or Kim. He is so confused, until he sees a man
laying on a bed next to his room. He recognizes
that man is him. When he looks at the mirror, he
becomes more sure that he is living inside a kid’s
body. He keeps trying to convince everybody that
he is not Kim. But, nobody believes him because
the doctor says that he has retrograde amnesia.
He then tries to bump this kid’s body to his
actual body in order to swap back their bodies,
but he fails. And when he is doing that, Chul gets
into the room and becomes angry when seeing this
kid doing something inappropriate. Then, he is
told to stay away or else Chul will beat him.
Knowing that Jang can do nothing to get his
body back, he is obliged to live as a high
school student. He lives as the new version
of Kim. The day he comes back to school,
he experiences something he hasn’t
experienced before. He sees Hyeon,
his friend, being bullied by a group of friends.
He is even being invited for a fight after school.
But, this is not the Kim that everybody knows.
This is Kim with the heart of a gangster.
He won’t hesitate to beat everybody up.
Jang becomes curious about why everybody
is treating him like a loser. So, he plans
to meet some bullies at a hill after school.
He goes there with his friend, Jae. There, he asks
one of the bullies if there’s anything he has done
that makes them dislike him. The answer is no, the
reason is just because Jang looks like a loser.
After getting the information that he wants,
Jang and his friend leave the bullies.
After that, Jang decides to meet Chul
to convince him that he is his boss.
He comes to the office where Chul works.
Chul doesn’t believe him at first.
But, he knows how to get his assistant’s trust. He
tells everything that nobody knows about Chul, and
it works. Jang then asks Chul why he was guarding
his boss in the hospital. Then, a shocking truth
comes out of Chul’s mouth. He says that CEO,
Jang’s competitor, is trying to kill him.
The next day after school, Jang is on a call
with Chul. At the same time, Hyeon runs into
him and drops a doll. He decides to return it
to her. When they finally meet, a startling
moment happens. He sees that Hyeon’s mother
is his ex-girlfriend, Seon, who he dumped for
another woman. Moments later, Jang asks Chul for
help to find out whether Hyeon is his daughter.
They take Hyeon and Jang’s hair to test their DNA.
The result says that Hyeon is 99% his daughter.
He starts feeling so guilty that he couldn’t
be a good guy for Seon and their daughter.
So, he consults with Chul about what he can do to
approach Hyeon and Seon. He is told that he needs
to change his appearance. So he plans to lose some
fat and groom himself. He first invites Hyeon to
workout together with a trainer, who is actually
Chul. They consistently practise martial arts and
jumping rope for months. Finally, he can see the
result. His body becomes lean and looks fresher.
Lastly, he starts to groom himself. He
changes his hairstyle and uses a soft lens,
so he doesn’t need to use his nerd eyeglasses. The
new look of Jang appears to be attractive. Many
girls start to like him. And Hyeon at the same
time, starts to gain respect from the bullies.
Seon is so thankful to Jang because he always
protects her daughter. She invites Jang to her
stall to eat ramen as a form of gratitude. When
they’re having a conversation, there comes a
drunk guy who slaps Seon’s private area. Jang
becomes angry that he fights the drunk guy. At
that moment, Seon starts to suspect him. She sees
resemblance of Jang in Kim's words and actions.
That makes Jang has to explain who he actually
is. He tells the story of how he switched bodies,
but Seon doesn’t trust him. So he tries the same
thing he did to Chul. He tells everything he did
with Seon when they were still dating. Finally,
Seon believes that she is talking with the man
who left her. Seon becomes angry, she is so mad
that he hasn’t looked for her for a long time.
She kicks Jang from her stall and tells
him to stay away from her daughter.
The next day, Hyeon is sitting together with Jang
right after school. She asks about what he was
talking about with her mother. Her curiosity arose
because her mom told her to not meet him anymore.
While they are talking, one of the
student council approaches them.
He asks Hyeon if she wants to join
his birthday party at his villa.
Hyeon accepts the invitation. She is happy
that an outcast like her could join the party.
While at the same time, Jang is meeting Seon.
There, Jang plans to once again apologize for
everything he has done. But, Seon thinks that
he can’t change anything. Seon has raised Hyeon
by herself and he doesn’t have any rights to take
care of her daughter. She also thinks that if this
body exchange didn’t happen, he would never look
for her. So, she decides to leave Jang. But, as
Seon is heading to the exit door, Jang chases her
and kisses her right on the lips. And that makes
Seon angry, she slaps him and wants to drag him
to the police. When she is dragging Jang outside,
Jang gets a call from Jae. Jae says
that Hyeon is in a bad situation,
he was delivering meals to the girls that aren’t
invited to the party when he overheard that.
Jang immediately leaves Seon and asks Chul to send
him a car. He then drives to where the party is
held. There, he sees Hyeon is surrounded by the
boys. He can feel that Hyeon needs help. But,
the boys don’t let Hyeon leave, because the party
has just begun. Jang and the boys start to fight.
Luckily, both Jang and Hyeon have
learnt martial arts before. So they
can beat all the boys up and leave the villa.
Jang is informed by Chul that Jang’s wife has an
affair with his competitor, CEO. So he writes
a letter to the chairman, his wife’s father. He
tells the chairman that he is the victim and
his wife has a conspiracy with another man.
Suddenly, Kim wakes up from his coma. Kim
is now living inside the gangster body.
Then, he gets back to his house and meets his
dad, Jeong. But Jeong doesn’t believe that he
is his son. Fortunately, Jang gets back home
too. There, Jang and Kim meet for the first time
after the collision. They explain to Jeong about
what has actually happened to them. After that,
they agreed to help each other. They plan to meet
Seon at her stall. After they arrive, they lie to
Seon that they have switched their body back. But,
CEO and his assistants get in the stall. They look
for Jang and try to kill him. Jang orders Kim
and Seon to hide in the kitchen. He wants to
get this problem done. He fights with CEO and the
assistants. With Seon helping him, they succeed
in throwing them out. Seon forgives Jang and is
willing to accept him to get back to her life.
The chairman invites Jang to his place. He
wants to clarify about the letter that he sent.
Seeing that Jang is the victim, he
rather offers Jang to be his successor.
But, Jang, who is actually Kim at that time,
refuses it because he has no idea what to say.
When Jang meets Kim, he appreciates Jang for his
decision. He feels relieved that he no longer has
to live a regretful criminal life. Unfortunately,
his wife plans to hit them. But, as Jang is aware
of the situation, he saves Kim and is hit by
the car. He is heavily injured and taken to the
hospital. When Jang is about to die, both Jang
and Kim suddenly switch their bodies back.
At the end of this movie, we are shown that
Kim is still alive and Jang is back with Seon.
Jang even bought a shop to build a bakery.
They all work there with Jeong and Chul.
Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like
and comment to help the channel out. Thank
you for watching, and see you, next time.